Improve `text-rendering` documentation with recommended use cases. (#38560)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/text-rendering/index.md

### Values

- `auto`

  - : The browser makes educated guesses about when to optimize for speed, legibility, and geometric precision while drawing text. For differences in how this value is interpreted by the browser, see the compatibility table.

>     For extended body of text on a web page, the `auto` value is generally a good option for balancing both quality and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `auto` value is a good default for balancing quality and performance, especially for extended bodies of plain text.
```

- `optimizeSpeed`

  - : The browser emphasizes rendering speed over legibility and geometric precision when drawing text. It disables kerning and ligatures.

>     To ensure fast loading and to extend battery life for mobile users, the `optimizeSpeed` value is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `optimizeSpeed` value is preferable in resource-constrained rendering scenarios, such as slow processors or low battery.
```

- `optimizeLegibility`

  - : The browser emphasizes legibility over rendering speed and geometric precision. This enables kerning and optional ligatures.

>     When displaying large forms of text such as headers or banners, using the `optimizeLegibility` value enhances the readability of such text. In addition, it could be used for high-quality professional typography such as essays and articles, but it's not recommended for large articles due to potential performance impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `optimizeLegibility` value is preferable for texts that are large in size but short in content, such as headers or banners, to enhance their readability. It could also be used for high-quality professional typography such as published articles. It's not recommended for typical articles due to potential performance impacts.
```

>     When displaying large forms of text such as headers or banners, using the `optimizeLegibility` value enhances the readability of such text. In addition, it could be used for high-quality professional typography such as essays and articles, but it's not recommended for large articles due to potential performance impact and bugs.

Reviewer: "Bugs" is a strong word that surely will catch readers' attention. If there are "bugs" we need to point them out, otherwise just say "performance impact".

Author: Alright, thanks for the feedback!

    > [!NOTE]
    > WebKit precisely applies the specified value, but Gecko treats the value the same as `optimizeLegibility`.

> ### Recommended Use Cases

Reviewer: No title case on MDN. Also, neither of the H3 headings you added fit under the "Syntax" section. Instead of new sections, I think a better alternative is to add them as single sentences after each value's description in the list above.

> The `text-rendering` [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) property values are useful in different cases depending on the text's content and context. Here are some useful guidelines on which values to use based on common use cases:

Reviewer: The link is redundant.

> - `Large Banners, Headings or Logos:`

Reviewer: Do not use code formatting for non-code entities.

>   - : Recommended value: `optimizeLegibility`.

Reviewer: This does not flow. It looks too robotic and AI-like. Instead of a nested list, use a single-level list and write these in full sentences.

  - : When displaying large text such as headers or banners, using the `optimizeLegibility` value enhances the readability of such text by enabling various advanced typography technologies, such as kerning and ligatures.
- `Large-form text (articles, paragraph)`
  - : Recommended value: `auto` (default) or `optimizeLegibility`.
  - : For extended body of text on a web page, the `auto` value is generally preferred for performance. However, `optimizeLegibility` could be used for high-quality professional typography.
- `Bold Text with Variable Fonts`
  - : Recommended value: `geometricPrecision`.
  - : When working with bold text in variable fonts, especially headers and banners, the `geometricPrecision` value ensures that the text is accurately rendered and scaled.
- `Performance-Critical-Devices (Mobile)`
  - : Recommended value: `optimizeSpeed`.
  - : To ensure fast loading and to extend battery life for mobile users, the `optimizeSpeed` value is preferred.

### Key Consideration

- : Avoid overriding `auto` unless necessary, as browsers optimize effectively.
- : `optimizeLegibility` has a minor performance impact on very low-end devices.

> - : `geometricPrecision` is rarely needed nowadays--most browsers handle fonts effectively without it.

Reviewer: This needs a source. Also use a real em-dash instead of `--`.

Author: Some issues found by other developers when overusing `optimizeLegibility`.
> https://marco.org/2012/11/15/text-rendering-optimize-legibility
> https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/t/text-rendering/
> https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/dats4v/text_rendering_hates_you_a_random_collection_of/

Author: i changed and integrated all of the consideration and use cases into the values descriptions for the `text-rendering` property.

>     But the `geometricPrecision` property — when fully supported by the rendering engine — lets you scale your text fluidly. For large scale factors, you might see less-than-beautiful text rendering, but the size is what you would expect—neither rounded up nor down to the nearest font size supported by Windows or Linux.
> 
>     When working with bold text and variable fonts, especially headers and banners, the `geometricPrecision` value ensures that the text is accurately rendered and scaled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    But the `geometricPrecision` property — when fully supported by the rendering engine — lets you scale your text fluidly. For large scale factors, you might see less-than-beautiful text rendering, but the size is what you would expect—neither rounded up nor down to the nearest font size supported by Windows or Linux.

    The `geometricPrecision` value optimizes neither readability nor performance. It usually makes sense in SVG, where you want your graphic to scale faithfully without distorting the text dimensions.
```
